# database-management-project

## Introduction

Restaurants are a kind of business that directly works with a variety of different types of customers throughout the world. With such a diverse customer client base, it is vital for a restaurant to have a database that can satisfy their needs. For a Restaurant business to be successful they require a management system that is both efficient and user-friendly to provide a service that fulfills the consumer demand. As that is what the end goal is for mostly all businesses.

The restaurant business has changed over the past few decades. Speed and efficiency have increased due to technology, now consumers expect food service to be done quickly and in a timely manner. Furthermore, the number of restaurants has increased as each restaurant has a unique cuisine catering to different types of people. Each restaurant has a different method of functioning and responding to orders. As competition rises due to the increase, each restaurant is searching for a database system. 

I have decided to address and complete a full-proof Database system that theoretically, any restaurant could implement. I have created a database for chains of restaurants to help keep track of many different entities and types of information a restaurant might have. The database can maintain large amounts of data and be as accurate as possible that can allow users to easily store, update, and research data. I have developed a conceptual and logical model to help create a visualization of our solution. I have showcased our super/subtype data relationship. I have also included a data dictionary that will help one be able to navigate through our implementation of SQL. I have included 4 basic calls to retrieve data in our database system.  

I have created a system where restaurant owners can have a mass overview of all the vital information needed to make the decision in regard to the business. The database includes address, direction, star grading, visitors' name, and comment, and lastly billing information that can be used to track the transaction. Since business owners have all this information constantly in the palm of their hand, they can use this to address problems that they may be having in their system. 
